well world leaders have condemned the
Israeli strike on the hospital in Gaza
French president Emanuel macron said
nothing could justify a strike against a
hospital or targeting civilians Turkish
president Reep Ty erdogan said the
strike on the hospital where women
children and innocent civilians were
treated was the latest example of
Israeli attacks that lack the most basic
human values katar's forign Ministry
called the attack a brutal Massacre and
a heinous crime against defenseless
civilians European Council Chief Charles
Michelle said an attack against civilian
infrastructure was not in line with
international law and Saudi Arabia has
said it condemned the in the strongest
terms what it called the henus crime
committed by the Israeli occupation
forces well the UN Secretary General
Antonio gues has also expressed outrage
at the massacre in a statement on social
media gues said I am horrified by the
killing of hundreds of Palestinian
civilians in a strike on a hospital in
Gaza today which I strongly condemn my
heart is with the families of the
victims hospitals and medical personnel
are protected under International
humanitarian law well Jordan's foreign
minister Iman safadi has told out as
there are talks to stop the war on Gaza
will
continue uh uh first of all our efforts
have not stopped his his majy just came
back today from a European tour that
included the UK Italy and and Germany
our message there and obviously this was
before uh the the catastrophe at the
Baptist Church our message that uh we
cannot continue with this war war is not
going to bring anything but more
suffering More Death more destruction it
will not produce security neither for
the Israelis nor for the Palestinians it
threatens the security of the whole
region with the real threat of it
expanding and spilling over into other
parts of the region uh so uh uh you have
to understand the impact this war is
having not just on the immediate victims
gazin uh you have to understand that
this war is also uh provoking Arab
Muslim Christian public opinion human
opinion public opinion all over the
world our peoples are out on the streets
right now about 18,000 jordanians are on
the street expressing their anger at at
at at at the catastrophe at this
aggression on gazin uh obviously uh it
is that position is our position too so
the official position and the public
position is one the statements his
majesty made today in reaction to the
massacre at the baptism uh at the
Baptist Church uh reflects the the the
uh hospital I'm sorry reflects the uh
feelings of all jordanians all Arabs I
can say very very confidently all
Muslims that uh uh this war has to stop
it is unacceptable and and and and sir
when we speak of international law when
we speak of human values when we speak
of our shared Humanity how is it
acceptable that Collective punishment
against civilians is self-defense how is
it acceptable that denying food water
electricity to over two millions people
is self-defense and is is a reaction to
uh to to to uh uh whatever ugly what
what has happened was uh we have to
remember uh denying food denying water
is a war crime in international law uh
Collective punishment is a war crime in
international law we have public opinion
and and and people are asking us all the
time why is international law not fairly
and squarely implemented why when it
comes to Arab and Muslim causes there
are double standards why is it a war
crime to deny food and water to
ukrainians and it is not a war crime to
deny them to Palestinians why is it a
war crime to uh conduct uh population
dis displacement in other places and it
is not a war crime when Israel openly
says it wants to get gazans out of Gaza